Let's take a look at the example for scope.
In this example, we are passing the requests,
we are passing the session,
and we are passing the application.
We're passing all this information to our view.
Let's take a look at our view.
This is our view,
that our view retrieving the information from the controller.
Were using syntax to retrieve the request, session, and application.
Let's take a look at our browser.
So here is our browser.
It shows that we are getting all of the data for our request, session, and obligation.
Now you should know how to set attributes in different scope like request,
session, and application, and how to retrieve them in Canvas.
This scope are very helpful when you have
multiple pages and want to pass to attributes from this page to another.
For instance, if you want to make sure that each page validate the user session,
you can have the user ID in each session.
If a page can now verify the user ID in session,
meaning, null or empty,
the page will not be rendered.